add new resource & data source: `azurerm_netapp_account` (#4416)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/netapp_account.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-netapp-account"
description: |-
  Manage Azure NetApp Account instance.
---

# azurerm_netapp_account

Manage Azure NetApp Account instance.

## NetApp Account Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "acctestRG"
  location = "Eastus2"
}

resource "azurerm_netapp_account" "example" {
  name                = "acctestnetappaccount"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"

  active_directories {
    username            = "aduser"
    password            = "aduserpwd"
    smb_server_name     = "SMBSERVER"
    dns                 = "1.2.3.4"
    domain              = "westcentralus.com"
    organizational_unit = "OU=FirstLevel"
  }

  tags = {

>     env = "test"

Author: Fixed

  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The resource group name of the NetApp Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Could we word this like the rest of the documentatin?
```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the NetApp Account resides. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Fixed

> * `location` - (Required) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Fixed

* `active_directories` - (Optional) One or more `active_directories` block defined below.

> * `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Could we match the rest of the docs:
```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
```

Author: Fixed

---

The `active_directories` block supports the following:

> * `dns` - (Required) Comma separated list of DNS server IP addresses for the Active Directory domain.

Author: Fixed

* `domain` - (Required) Name of the Active Directory domain.

* `organizational_unit` - (Optional) The Organizational Unit (OU) within the Windows Active Directory.

* `password` - (Required) Plain text password of Active Directory domain administrator.

* `smb_server_name` - (Required) NetBIOS name of the SMB server. This name will be registered as a computer account in the AD and used to mount volumes.

> * `username` - (Required) Username of Active Directory domain administrator.

Reviewer: Is this the ad admin used to add the netapp to the domain? could we clarify the docs here?

Author: Fixed

---

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - Resource id.

Author: Fixed.

## Import

NetApp Account can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell

> $ terraform import azurerm_netapp_account.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/acctestRG/providers/Microsoft.NetApp/netAppAccounts/

Author: Fixed

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-netapp-account"
description: |-

>   Manages Azure NetApp Account instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Manages a NetApp Account.
```

Author: FIxed

---

# azurerm_netapp_account

> Manages Azure NetApp Account instance.

Author: Fixed

> ~> **NOTE:** Azure allows only one active directory can be joined to a single subscription at a time for NetApp Account.

Author: After netapp account resource is created in azure side, only one active directory can be joined to this netapp account in one subscription.  No more information. No ETA for this. Below information is from the owner of this service. Maybe you should read context in this PR or ask katbyte to get more details.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19754191/67543527-65c7ff80-f724-11e9-9259-88b9be4b7f48.png)

## NetApp Account Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {

>   name     = "acctestRG"

Author: Fixed

>   location = "Eastus2"

Author: Fixed

}

resource "azurerm_netapp_account" "example" {

>   name                = "acctestnetappaccount"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  name                = "example-netapp"
```

Author: FIxed

  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"

  active_directory {
    username            = "aduser"
    password            = "aduserpwd"
    smb_server_name     = "SMBSERVER"
    dns                 = ["1.2.3.4"]
    domain              = "westcentralus.com"
    organizational_unit = "OU=FirstLevel"
  }

  tags = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the NetApp Account resides. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: FIxed

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `active_directory` - (Optional) One or more `active_directory` block defined below.

Author: Fixed

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

The `active_directory` block supports the following:

* `dns_servers` - (Required) A list of DNS server IP addresses for the Active Directory domain. Only allows `IPv4` address.

> * `domain` - (Required) Name of the Active Directory domain.

Author: FIxed

> * `smb_server_name` - (Required) NetBIOS name of the SMB server. This name will be registered as a computer account in the AD and used to mount volumes.

Reviewer 2: I think this'd be clearer as:

```suggestion
* `smb_server_name` - (Required) The NetBIOS name which should be used for the NetApp SMB Server, which will be registered as a computer account in the AD and used to mount volumes.
```

Author: Fixed

> * `username` - (Required) Username of Active Directory domain administrator, which have permissions to create a SMB machine account in the AD domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `username` - (Required) The Username of Active Directory Domain Administrator.

-> **NOTE:** This account will be used to create the Machine Account within the Active Directory Domain
```

Author: FIxed

> * `password` - (Required) Plain text password of Active Directory domain administrator.

Author: Fixed

> * `organizational_unit` - (Optional) The Organizational Unit (OU) within the Windows Active Directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `organizational_unit` - (Optional) The Organizational Unit (OU) within the Active Directory Domain.
```

Author: Fixed

---

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The ID of the NetApp resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the NetApp Account.
```

Author: FIxed

---

## Import

> NetApp Account can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NetApp Accounts can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

Author: Fixed

```shell

> $ terraform import azurerm_netapp_account.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/acctestRG/providers/Microsoft.NetApp/netAppAccounts/acctestnetappaccount

Reviewer 2: to match other resources can we make this:

```suggestion
$ terraform import azurerm_netapp_account.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.NetApp/netAppAccounts/account1
```

Author: fixed

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-netapp-account"
description: |-

>   Manage Azure NetApp Account instance.

Reviewer: consistency
```suggestion
  Manages Azure NetApp Account instance.
```

Author: Fixed

---

# azurerm_netapp_account

> Manage Azure NetApp Account instance.

Reviewer: consistency
```suggestion
Manages Azure NetApp Account instance.
```

Author: Fixed

    dns                 = ["1.2.3.4"]
    domain              = "westcentralus.com"
    organizational_unit = "OU=FirstLevel"
  }

  tags = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the NetApp Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the NetApp Account resides. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `active_directory` - (Optional) One or more `active_directory` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

The `active_directory` block supports the following:

* `dns_servers` - (Required) A list of DNS server IP addresses for the Active Directory domain.

* `domain` - (Required) Name of the Active Directory domain.

* `smb_server_name` - (Required) NetBIOS name of the SMB server. This name will be registered as a computer account in the AD and used to mount volumes.

> * `username` - (Required) Username of Active Directory domain administrator, which have permissions to create SMB server machine account in the AD domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `username` - (Required) Username of Active Directory domain administrator, which have permissions to create a SMB machine account in the AD domain.
```

Author: Fixed

* `password` - (Required) Plain text password of Active Directory domain administrator.

* `organizational_unit` - (Optional) The Organizational Unit (OU) within the Windows Active Directory.

---

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - Resource id.

Reviewer: Could we expand the description here a bit more:
```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the NetApp resource.
```

Author: FIxed

* `active_directory` - One or more `active_directory` block defined below.

---

The `active_directory` block supports the following:

> * `id` - The resource id of Active Directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The resource ID of Active Directory.
```

Author: Fixed

page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_netapp_account"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-netapp-account"
description: |-

>   Manages Azure NetApp Account instance. Azure allows only one active directory can be joined to a single subscription at a time for NetApp Account.

Author: Fixed
